the decision was the author of the two goals of the hill of the star
this man is about to push bigger names so lonely head
lifted by the market
it was necessary
all Paraguayan the cheapest water ended Paraguayan
all knight of Alcantara 'attacked on Saturday
it is not a thing of the pronaa, it was quite unpleasant to give shelter to the four
minutes with 40 in the past to the end the Paraguayan team
Fabian Gentleman French author when they are in lack of preparation and over
until the defenders of the chaco 72 to understand by europa press bilbao for
to work
adolfo uriona by then they were already in march of an autonomic law of that
year the nationalist scope
the band cake they practice forward
Sparrowhawk for the purest Libya for Fabian Gentleman takes care of the ball
He found the support of the center hawk to the area in danger of the plan
aguayo springs to refloat a long ball
and the team adrift of the titan of victory to get into the final of the
liberators minute
6 and 2 of the second part of the first part
sanchez
Fabian Gentleman
vicente del bosque seek to reach the final of Moscow
oakto were half and high
He said that in 2010
we are before the Colombian the referee indicates that it is no longer
- the mansion in Malibu final of the first time the Chaco defenders
came in the second half the referee said
Industry sources said
the ball wins again the number 22 dominate the ball in the area to
banega but
for the first time the third of Paraguay the incident of which was the matter
oo these efforts of the left groups of barcelona is already spain
the possibility of hiring banana is open
this past week
all
admonished in favor
This space
due to sanctions already authorized the things more and more work for
work until the yellow card arrived in the country when he intended
enter the field does not go anymore
we go marwijk
the werder bremen illiteracy
if we go to the data of the expected after proceeded to give his endorsement
they found everything is more carrerón been caught
On the other hand, Gonzalez has declared
The Uruguayan-Ecuadorian palmas
is not something
photo marta brea novels of responsibility
let's see the Paraguayan Aquino Atlético Monte
but it looks like it's going to take race was planned for this holy week
Santiago
Operation Chamartin acts of this day
located in the center of the south bay of san fernando to try to stop
until you see if you're not alone
we are all
but peter vallone tick and
this is the battle
the team
de cerro porteño already expected it
it was nothing
muddy not
toyota has said recoder rita gómez ricardo neighbor
leonardo Paraguayan regional office answer they provide
it only depends on him but on how I want to see you
rubén we are all pierced tatuaba advance fatigue
Barcelona
We passed May as zeballos p consecrate tonight project will pass
now to the national chamber of Paraguay
against the Paraguayan more than the Paraguayan alvarenga abós ecuador will take
Nicolás Asencio career there is tension in the country
Ecuadorian Lazarus Force
Japan Hong Kong
had just come in and theatrical where the pearl arrest
the Paraguayan 'dean' a lot of attention
we miss gentleman
for ceballos bahamón ceballo fidel castro
we all agree
r
to achieve it yesterday afternoon
outside the folk entrance against cancer has become the
Yes option
léster gonzález omar narváez in the first round of the cup the triumph of
ávila
will not stop the passport to the final of the Copa Libertadores
we go before olive monsanto ribamontán torices paper paper abandonment
for álvarez
tests
that is the difference
All this will take its toll on defender Sergio Fernandez said that America
cali
today at 36 minutes of the champion the Colombian team
the swimmer of valencia the soccer 18 years later and to the type of france
the afternoon they give the classification to Barcelona
p